Adds enum type minimization without support for niche tag encoding (#152)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/step/terminators.md

        (Type::Enum { variants: caller_variants, discriminator: caller_discriminator, discriminant_ty: caller_discriminant_ty, size: caller_size, align: caller_align },
         Type::Enum { variants: callee_variants, discriminator: callee_discriminator, discriminant_ty: callee_discriminant_ty, size: callee_size, align: callee_align }) =>
            caller_variants.len() == callee_variants.len() &&

>             // Checking only one side is enough as we checked that they have the same amount of key-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Both sides must have the same discriminants. Checking only one direction
            // of the mutual inclusion enough as we checked that they have the same number of key-value pairs.
```
